Review all configurable routing docs (#1154)
SAP/spartacus-docs: _pages/dev/routes/external-routes.md

However, if you are migrating to Spartacus step-by-step (and route-by-route) from a legacy storefront system, such as SAP Commerce Accelerator, the external routes feature in Spartacus allows you to use different systems to drive different parts of the storefront at the same time. With external routes, you can designate which routes to load from the back end, and you can even redirect routes to a different domain.

***

**Table of Contents**

- This will become a table of contents (this text will be scrapped).
{:toc}

***

## Using Spartacus and Another System to Run a Single Storefront

To run a storefront at a single domain using Spartacus along with another system, you define URL patterns to distinguish between the two storefront systems. These patterns should be applied in the back end server, in the Spartacus configuration, and in the Angular service worker (when PWA is enabled). The patterns should be applied as follows:

- When accessing a deep link, the back end server should serve a Spartacus view, or it should serve a page from the other storefront system.

> - When using the Angular `routerLink` to navigate, Spartacus should activate a SPA route, or it should fully load (or reload) the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using the Angular `routerLink` to navigate, Spartacus should activate a SPA route, or it should fully load the page from backend.
```

Author: Perfect 👍

> - When fully loading (or reloading) a page, the Angular service worker should intercept the navigation request and return the cached `index.html` of the single-page application, or it should bypass the cache so that the back end can serve the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In case the PWA is enabled, the Angular service worker intercepts the navigation request. When fully loading (or reloading) a pageit should return the cached `index.html` of the single-page application, or it should bypass the cache so that the back end can serve the response.
```

Author: 👍 🙂
